README.md, before:

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/kivy-garden/graph/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/kivy-garden/graph?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/kivy-garden/graph.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/kivy-garden/graph)

Graph
======

The `Graph` widget is a widget for displaying plots. It supports
drawing multiple plot with different colors on the Graph. It also supports
a title, ticks, labeled ticks, grids and a log or linear representation on
both the x and y axis, independently.

![Screenshot](/screenshot.png)

To display a plot. First create a graph which will function as a "canvas" for
the plots. Then create plot objects e.g. MeshLinePlot and add them to the
graph.

To create a graph with x-axis between 0-100, y-axis between -1 to 1, x and y
labels of and X and Y, respectively, x major and minor ticks every 25, 5 units,
respectively, y major ticks every 1 units, full x and y grids and with
a red line plot containing a sin wave on this range::

```python
from math import sin
from kivy.garden.graph import Graph, MeshLinePlot
graph = Graph(xlabel='X', ylabel='Y', x_ticks_minor=5,
x_ticks_major=25, y_ticks_major=1,
y_grid_label=True, x_grid_label=True, padding=5,
x_grid=True, y_grid=True, xmin=-0, xmax=100, ymin=-1, ymax=1)
plot = MeshLinePlot(color=[1, 0, 0, 1])
plot.points = [(x, sin(x / 10.)) for x in range(0, 101)]
graph.add_plot(plot)
```

The `MeshLinePlot` plot is a particular plot which draws a set of points using
a mesh object. The points are given as a list of tuples, with each tuple
being a (x, y) coordinate in the graph's units.

You can create different types of plots other than `MeshLinePlot` by inheriting
from the `Plot` class and implementing the required functions. The `Graph` object
provides a "canvas" to which a Plot's instructions are added. The plot object
is responsible for updating these instructions to show within the bounding
box of the graph the proper plot. The Graph notifies the Plot when it needs
to be redrawn due to changes. See the `MeshLinePlot` class for how it is done.


Install
---------

```sh
pip install kivy_garden.graph
```

TODO
-------

* add your code

Contributing
--------------

Check out our [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and feel free to improve the flower.

License
---------

This software is released under the terms of the MIT License.
Please see the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file.

How to release
===============

* update `__version__` in `kivy-garden/graph/__init__.py` to the latest version.
* update `CHANGELOG.md` and commit the changes
* call `git tag -a x.y.z -m "Tagging version x.y.z"`
* call `python setup.py bdist_wheel --universal` and `python setup.py sdist`, which generates the wheel and sdist in the dist/* directory
* Make sure the dist directory contains the files to be uploaded to pypi and call `twine check dist/*`
* then call `twine upload dist/*` to upload to pypi.
* call `git push origin master --tags` to push the latest changes and the tags to github.

Commit message:

Add docs, switch to github actions.

README.md, after:

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/kivy-garden/graph/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/kivy-garden/graph?branch=master)
[![Github Build Status](https://github.com/kivy-garden/graph/workflows/Garden%20flower/badge.svg)](https://github.com/kivy-garden/graph/actions)

Graph
======

The `Graph` widget is a widget for displaying plots. It supports
drawing multiple plot with different colors on the Graph. It also supports
a title, ticks, labeled ticks, grids and a log or linear representation on
both the x and y axis, independently.

![Screenshot](/screenshot.png)

To display a plot. First create a graph which will function as a "canvas" for
the plots. Then create plot objects e.g. MeshLinePlot and add them to the
graph.

To create a graph with x-axis between 0-100, y-axis between -1 to 1, x and y
labels of and X and Y, respectively, x major and minor ticks every 25, 5 units,
respectively, y major ticks every 1 units, full x and y grids and with
a red line plot containing a sin wave on this range::

```python
from math import sin
from kivy.garden.graph import Graph, MeshLinePlot
graph = Graph(xlabel='X', ylabel='Y', x_ticks_minor=5,
x_ticks_major=25, y_ticks_major=1,
y_grid_label=True, x_grid_label=True, padding=5,
x_grid=True, y_grid=True, xmin=-0, xmax=100, ymin=-1, ymax=1)
plot = MeshLinePlot(color=[1, 0, 0, 1])
plot.points = [(x, sin(x / 10.)) for x in range(0, 101)]
graph.add_plot(plot)
```

The `MeshLinePlot` plot is a particular plot which draws a set of points using
a mesh object. The points are given as a list of tuples, with each tuple
being a (x, y) coordinate in the graph's units.

You can create different types of plots other than `MeshLinePlot` by inheriting
from the `Plot` class and implementing the required functions. The `Graph` object
provides a "canvas" to which a Plot's instructions are added. The plot object
is responsible for updating these instructions to show within the bounding
box of the graph the proper plot. The Graph notifies the Plot when it needs
to be redrawn due to changes. See the `MeshLinePlot` class for how it is done.


Install
---------

```sh
pip install kivy_garden.graph
```

CI
--

Every push or pull request run the [GitHub Action](https://github.com/kivy-garden/flower/actions) CI.
It tests the code on various OS and also generates wheels that can be released on PyPI upon a
tag. Docs are also generated and uploaded to the repo as well as artifacts of the CI.

TODO
-------

* add your code

Contributing
--------------

Check out our [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and feel free to improve the flower.

License
---------

This software is released under the terms of the MIT License.
Please see the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file.

How to release
===============

* update `__version__` in `kivy-garden/graph/__init__.py` to the latest version.
* update `CHANGELOG.md` and commit the changes
* call `git tag -a x.y.z -m "Tagging version x.y.z"`
* call `python setup.py bdist_wheel --universal` and `python setup.py sdist`, which generates the wheel and sdist in the dist/* directory
* Make sure the dist directory contains the files to be uploaded to pypi and call `twine check dist/*`
* then call `twine upload dist/*` to upload to pypi.
* call `git push origin master --tags` to push the latest changes and the tags to github.
